Fix: change DUPLICATE_KEY_ID references (#1136)
lucia-auth/lucia: .auri/$33sxkjfs.md

---
package: "@lucia-auth/adapter-test"
type: "patch"
---

> Fix references from `DUPLICATE_KEY_ID` to `AUTH_DUPLICATE_KEY_ID`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix `DUPLICATE_KEY_ID` to `AUTH_DUPLICATE_KEY_ID` in test name
```
